I would love to be the one I think.
I am so happy.
I just wanna be the one.
The inside of my soul.
I will never give up yet.
I will never give up for you.
It's for you to see me.
Summeth's my closest friend.
This time, I will never give up.
No, I am not!
They will never give up.
Okay, I am so happy.
Who is this guy like me?
I am also a human man or a human man.
You might be happy with me.
Yes?
It's over again.
The people in this room, who do you think it's 20 minutes.
9 days ago, Gloria helped the circle on the middle of it.
Your son loved Franzà Y preserve her lunaticks for dividends.
Drink filtered.
Why are you being frightened of my hesitation that I've been with you all?
tireless and un experienced.
I did all that manage.
Oh, you caught me?
I have the thought.
Your though just disappeared, even the circumstances that have happened.
There's no problem with this world, don't get too much attention from it!
Thank you!
Don't forget to give me a video on this channel!
Hello...
Can you tell me about it?
What?
I just didn't know, I will say it...
Did you...
I can't...
Just...
Did you tell us?
No...
Can't you tell us?
Yes!
I'm sure you will not understand this!
I have to be told, it's not a problem
We will be full of
Oh, wow!
Wow!
You know what?
The way to go, you will have a good day.
I am a woman, I am married.
I am a woman, I am a woman.
I am a woman.
You are a woman.
I am a woman, she is a woman.
What is your name?
I am a teacher.
You are a teacher.
What is your name?
I am a teacher.
Do you know who you are?
I am a child.
You are a child.
I have a great time.
I am a great responsibility.
I have been living here for a long time.
There is a room in control.
and control the door.
Yes, Valerio.
Feli de Josef.
Ita me nova de Demetri.
Pera elitigo man nova.
Elitina.
No estres un como marido cresemos dunes.
Valerio se britavacum de Demetri.
Esa peshanaro.
Rosépa sopo de delo de Demetri.
Eli caso hos ophilia a synchronous.
Maizos vincenzo sinte el trar un un casamento.
Conseki majun acmo fuedo no roso viro amor das vida mohindo no sufrinci.
Elo un un godo zernos de Demetri face adriana buscagarot es paricidos qua malede.
Elis que le oversie.
Percucio zori sombaricidos conos de al.
Elo soso ama es un bring quier de prayirina.
Noo!
Demetri chamomos polonom y a penas no meruas otras.
Vos a especiar oprayir.
Especiar obrayir.
Ehh.
I think it's a Fu.
Eh.
Ehh.
My name is Elo Genov.
I talk about it a little.
Ehh.
Oh, come on!
How are you?
I'm sorry to say that I'm not a prope
It's a tough day to watch, but I'm sure you will be surprised today.
What if you were not left?
I'm still interested in watching this, so I'm not interested in watching this.
You're the only person in this place.
It's not like I was the only person I'm here to do.
I can't, I can't, I can't.
What if you look at this girl's face like this?
Say something to me.
Why are you still here?
I'm not interested in watching this or not.
There are no people in the world.
Tell me what is already in the video
I hope you enjoy now
Don't be afraid
I will get you
The only thing that is in the video
Is the mood is like
just annoying my dad
I have no idea
I feel like I'm in battle
Oh, I'm in battle
But he didn't think I was in battle
Excuse me?
Okay.
No, no, no, no.
I am the final reporter.
I have no idea.
No, no, no.
There is something I can do here.
I couldn't see the mic.
What?
You are just trying to see you?
It's like a government-made or a government-made.
You have no idea.
All this.
Adios.
Let's go!
Or maybe...
to know that here is the true story.
Hello!
Hey!
This scene has been shot in the first time...
I can't see...
It's so great.
I can't believe it's going to be her.
But the coming time might come again but even more.
The most notable thing is,
who is the most beautiful?
It is the most beautiful.
But there has to be a lot of options.
And it takes a lot of time to go back.
But it is better to have like this.
Pause for a while.
Here is something else
Because I'm a little more like that.
What do you like?
I like this one.
Her name is Trabale.
Trabale?
Sing.
STARGiant, El Hevo.
I can be a part of this part of the part,
with this man I think.
Pop's the difference has to be completely synchronized.
For the first time,
she has to be at the center of the house.
She has to be at the center of the house,
but she's not coming to the center.
Who do you think is at the center?
You think you are at the center of the center?
In that, we left again, we were stuck with ourselves.
I liked the art studio.
No! That's not the case.
I don't have to say that.
Bella, the view of the white dress that is like a very small dress.
Her father is the agent of the Parisian car.
My father is the same as my father.
It's not me.
I'm a small girl.
You're my ally.
Of course, we've met you,
I think it's the greatest conversation I have ever seen in my life.
It's not my life.
It's too difficult to understand.
Everything is like bad things,
everything must be like bad things.
I don't know where to go.
But I don't know anything about my life.
It's because I look at my life as well.
I don't know where to go.
No.
It's not that quick.
No, it's good.
What?
No, no. He was making the bookworms.
All right. So, happy.
I'm not going to be making this book.
Yes, I've got to be making this book.
Oh, no, I'm not going to be making it.
Mm-hm.
I'm going to be making this bookworms.
Yes, I'm not making this book ever.
You can use this book.
The video is coming up on the phone.
It's the same.
It's the same thing.
I'm a little bit sleepy.
Good.
No, sorry.
Well, I still have to be friends.
No, no, no, no.
You have to be friends.
Nobody has to be friends,
Also, you have to be friends.
I think we should be friends.
It's over.
Oh, look!
Come here and meet.
You're Brick narrower.
Look a little bigger.
Look, don't have any help from me.
I don't think I could hurt it.
Perhaps, Rosenthal.
But when he did that thing?
There were two cupboards!
When Jones was told,
Hello. It's your friend
Who's giving the words?
Are you serious?!
How many years old are you?
I've already seen something that is...
A lot of children.
In my case, I worked very good with you.
Then I came to you and I asked you why?
I was seen by you
It's so cold and cold...
I'm so cold...
You're not afraid of this is the case,
I'm just a feeling.
I'm scared.
My fault is...
My heart is just...
My heart is broken.
My right is not a shame.
The whole thing, can't tell.
I'll go out...
What?
How...
I'm afraid, I couldn't wait until you leave.
How do you get the wrong words?
Hey guys, in the next video, I will give you a few details on this video,
and I will take you to the next video.
I will tell you how to do this.
See you.
See you tomorrow.
Bye!
It's time for a new video.
It's time for me to finish the video,
and you will see a new video.
I hope you will have a good day.
Take care of yourself.
Just a moment.
I know that you may be a bit scared but you wouldn't be happy.
I speak about it a bit because of this.
You can't be a little worried.
What are we going to do?
I've never heard you.
This is the best thing.
You get into my secure room.
You want to listen to me?
No.
I know.
But you're not 1960.
I don't want to talk to you.
I'll say the same thing.
So I'll be here.
I'll be here and start.
See you next time!